readme.md, before:

# Bash Manual of Development Metodologies

Aplicacion de apoyo para el aprendizaje acerca de las diferentes metodologias de desarrollo agil de software.

## Getting Started

Asegurar que se tenga *Docker* instalado. Generar una imagen de Docker que requieras usar de la siguiente forma:

```
docker pull Nombre_Etiqueta
```

### Prerequisites

- Linux Operating System
- Docker

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Versioning

Version 1.0.0

## Authors

* **Adrian Alejandro González Domínguez** - 359834
* **Hector Daniel Medrano Meza** - 361345
* **Manuel Abraham Escudero Moreno** - 355208

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [license.txt](license.txt) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* ChatGPT

Commit message:

Update: getting started and Installing sections

readme.md, after:

# Bash Manual of Development Metodologies

Bash application for support on learning the different agile and other traditional software development methodologies. Its' a blank manual.

## Getting Started

To use this manual, download the image `amamut_dev_tech_manual`.
```sh
docker pull amamut_dev_tech_manual
```
You can work on the manual for agile development methodologies with the `-a` argument.
```sh
docker run -ti --name=agile-manual amamut_dev_tech_manual -a
```
Or, on the manual for traditional development methodologies with the `-t` argument.
```sh
docker run -ti --name=traditional-manual amamut_dev_tech_manual -t
```
Finally, to restart the manual container:
```sh
docker start -i agile-manual
```

### Prerequisites

- Linux Mint, Ubutu or MacOSX. We haven't tested with another OS.
- Docker

### Installing

To install the project or run your own image, first clone this git repository. You'll find the manual code in `manual.sh`. Make the modifications you want. To build an image from the modified file, assuming you're in the repository folder in the terminal:
```
docker build -t [image_name] .
```
Then execute the commands from the Getting Started section but with the new image name.

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Versioning

Version 1.0.0

## Authors

* **Adrian Alejandro González Domínguez** - 359834
* **Hector Daniel Medrano Meza** - 361345
* **Manuel Abraham Escudero Moreno** - 355208

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [license.txt](license.txt) file for details

## Acknowledgments
